Problems you might encounter:


1. Standby mode - QTPC goes on standby
    the password for QTPC is qtrobot
    
    
2. mdx-1 login not working:
    The login may be
        user: qtrobot 
        pass: qtrobot
    
    
3. Keyboard and mouse not working:
    A.  Replug the USB hubs's USB-C connection and flip it / rotate it 180degrees
    B.  IF that doesnt work... It seems to work best with everything disconnected
        Then power on the QT robot
        After that plug in the USB hub (Make sure there's nothing connected to it yet)
        Once that's fully plugged in, then plug in the rest of the peripheral devices starting with the HDMI
        
        
4. Sometimes randomly and other times if you leave it on too long and on it's own, QTPC will freeze:
    A.  It usually works to just hit the off button on the qtrobot to standby / off the robot. Once the robot turns off, the QTPC will unfreeze. 
        Turning the QTROBOT back on after that will cause the rosnodes to reinitialise and automatically reconnect.
    B.  If that didnt work, try holding the power button to turn off the QT robot, once it reboots, it should work, try not to resorting to pulling the plug 
        (not that you needed me to tell you that).
    

5.  Head moves right, then down, then right, then down... etc when telling it to only move right
        I got pitch and yaw backwards..., This meant, i was reading pitch, and changing yaw


6. No idea why, but to move the head upwards, a small increment of 1 degree doesn't work, even though it works fine for all other directional movements.
        move in increments of 5 degrees or more when moving head upwards
        
        
7. Sometimes (Especially when things freeze), the hardware will desync or something similar, and they will still be readable in a rostopic list, but they will not actually output anything.
        You just have to do full restart in this situation, i dont know how to restart the auto start of QT, this would also fix the problem i believe 
       
        
8. Rerunning autostart.sh - Instead of restarting, we can reinitialise nodes that turn on, on startup by doing the following process:
        CD into ~/robot/autostart
        run the command ./autostart_screens.sh
        
9. Camera doesnt work while nuitrack is off:
        qt_nuitrack is actually what publishes the camera feed, so if you dont want that running, youll have to make your own camera publisher node.
